docs: improve README with package comments (#34)
celestiaorg/go-square: README.md

# go-square

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/celestiaorg/go-square.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/celestiaorg/go-square)

> `go-square` is a Go module that provides types and utilities for interacting with the original data square in a Celestia block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`go-square` is a Go module that provides data structures and utilities for manipulation and interactions with data squares in Celestia's network. Data square is a special form of block serialization in Celestia blockchain.
```

The way I would phrase it. After, we could also link to specs.

Author: Note if we remove "original" from this line then we should add a separate sentence to explain the difference between original and extended because the issue this PR is trying to close was particularly confused about original vs extended.

Reviewer: You suggestion SGTM :+1:

Author: https://github.com/celestiaorg/go-square/pull/34/commits/bb14a7ff02a267da1143fde542c9dc96719a9386

Package   | Description
----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
blob      | Package blob provides types and functions for working with blobs, blob transactions, and index wrapper transactions.
inclusion | Package inclusion contains functions to generate the blob share commitment from a given blob.
merkle    | Package merkle computes a deterministic minimal height Merkle tree hash.
namespace | Package namespace contains the Namespace data structure.
shares    | Package shares contains the Share data structure.

> square    | Package square implements the logic to construct the original data square based on a list of transactions.

Reviewer: Note to myself about making an issue about simplifying the pkg hierarchy. We don't need that many subpkgs.
